given to sequences find the length of the longest common
subsequent present in both of them
But before going to the problem let us understand of
what is subsequence as sub sequences a sequence that
appears in the same relative order
It need not necessarily be continuous
For example let us take two sequences A B C
D
E and A D E is ADE sub sequence of A  B
C D A appears as the first character
That is okay
Next D appears as the fourth character
That is also okay because both a d
are in relative order
Next character E appears as the fifth character
So all three characters A D and E appears and
relative order to the sequence a B C D
So ADE is a subsequent of ABCD
similarly a C E A
B C E are examples of subsequent of A B
C D
As their character follows the relative order
Will ADB Subsequent  of A B C D E
Here A appears first that's okay
Next D appears as the fourth character so far that's okay
next character B appears as the second character that
is character B actually appears before D but here ADB
is not following the relative order So it is
not a subsequent of A B
C
D E
So in subsequent
The characters should appear in relative order and it need
not be continuous
But it cannot appear in a random order like the
example
ADB Let us compact our problem given two sequences
Find the length of the longest comment subsequent present
both of them
For example let us take two sequences B A C
D B and B D C B
Here what are all the common Subsequent  length
two subsequent are B D B C B B
D B and C B length three subsequent are
B D B and B c B
Here both B D B and B C B is
the longest subsequent and their length is three
So this is our problem statement given two sequences we
need to find and returned the length of the longest
comment subsequent present both of them we will learn
how to solve the longest commerce subsequent problem in the next video.